hi,
friends here.
We're going to write one simple python script.
The purpose off your python script.
Please find all the files which are wilder than X days.
Just a gender.
Do you have a small requirement in your real time?
That is every day.
You want to run one strip to remove the files which are wilder than 30 days or 90 days on
100 days.
What about it?
Maybe so manually to identify your files which are having ah is off 100 days or 90 days.
Based on your requirement,
you can night one simple python scripts that is that you can identify anything.
You can remove it.
So here I am going to write only to identify you.
Just try to extend the script to remove the identified Feiss.
Right?
So let me weapon my terminal for timing.
I'm going to open it line external.
So I get up.
I mean,
offer implementing the skip,
saying,
Screw you can go on a run on your windows systems as well.
Let me die.
Day scoop.
So that's groupies.
They'll delete,
actually,
but I'm not going to accomplish strip daily older than X days.
We just tried to enhance this script.
Okay?
First thing I need to read a part.
Right?
So required part.
I'm going to read.
So input.
Enter your pop.
See you guys off the reading your part that part may be valid part are invalid part.
That's my first time taking whether it is existing on your host or more if ways dot part
dot exist.
See these operations we explained here,
right?
If you go here somewhere,
we have ways.
More deal,
right?
So anyways,
that part model we explained this operations you just to go back.
And I do recollect your concepts on ways that park,
then required pot.
If it is not existing right,
then simply print.
Please provide valid part.
That's it.
So if part is not valid,
I don't want to run my skip.
I want to stop it.
That's why I'm using sister or exit.
Even though you have remaining logic supports as off.
No,
we are not writing.
We will write it if parties invalid.
Why should we run our logic?
I need to stop my script.
That's why I'm using Sister Dixie.
So because of some reason,
you're exiting.
So I want to exit with another court off one.
But you can provide any other core based on your requirement,
right?
That No,
if path is there.
But if that part is a file,
then we can't find anything inside of a file,
right?
I mean,
in that location of them that file.
That's why if it is a part again,
I don't know,
under on my script.
So where's that part is fine.
The given part.
If it is for file,
then I want to enter the information like please,
Pro Wade.
There are three parts.
That's it.
Then again,
I want to exit.
Now I'm exiting because off.
Other reason I'm exiting with the record too.
So if these two if conditions are false and what is the meaning?
Yes,
you're the user is giving a valid directory part night.
So before going to implement our logic,
our logic is identified The files which are suppose water than some 100 days.
So for time being,
because here I run now files which are world of the 100 or something like that Let me take
ish is some theories on one more thing.
Here we are using waste earned six model.
That's why when it important that toys and then six model.
Right.
Fine.
Not before going to identify Oliver files based January age.
First of all,
I need to find out what are The files are there,
and I just aren't there in the given location,
right?
That's why what I'm doing is see here,
bring,
you know,
from your waist door to list of that tree.
If you provide your part for that operation,
it is going to list all your their address on file,
which are there in the location.
Right?
So let me take this as a part on.
I'm going to run our skip using Python three.
First of all,
I'll probably invalid part some home,
some something.
See that woman?
Maybe.
What we did let me open our script.
If yeah.
If not if it is there.
No problem.
If it is not there,
right,
I forgot to are not.
If this part is not existing,
then only I want exit from here.
Otherwise see,
because off that you're getting another here.
If what is not there,
you can't list.
That's why you've party is not there.
I will.
I don't want to run my coat.
I want to stop now.
It will work.
So what is the part?
Let me take something round number.
He is not a valid apart.
Right?
So see,
there is a please provide about it,
but Okay,
I'm going to provide valid part.
Let me take Ah,
no,
I'm going to run and I'm going to probably valued part,
my dear.
I'm going to provide file part.
Let's say my ways.
That is a file.
See that Please provide dietary parties asking Yes,
let me read on.
And I'm going to provide directory part.
No.
If you provide a validate report,
it is going to list all your files and authorities,
which are there in a given location.
But our intention,
he just weren't.
If I only files right now what?
How to do?
Whatever the list off their design files,
which you are getting from your given part,
I need to filter them only files I want to collect.
Right?
See how you can collect only fights.
First of all,
try to take one by one file from your list off files and charities.
You know you can use for Luke to take one by one,
right?
For each file in this list off values.
First off a lion printing each file.
See that first you are able to get one by one or not.
Let me take this.
Has a pot.
Now,
instead of getting as a list,
you're going to get one by one.
Yes,
on If you have just somewhere this ex wagered earn somewhere One more thing Narendra,
These two or directories I don't want display them.
Don't try to write a logic before printing.
Yeah,
One more thing,
guys.
Whenever.
If you're working with the files,
right,
try to create force a complete part,
right?
So I'm going to create complete part for my very file each file part time,
including always dark part dot Join.
See,
Complete part is nothing but given part.
Then you are required to file,
right?
Complete part.
I mean,
given part.
And then this one night.
Now I'm going to print your each file,
underscore part right.
See the result,
trust,
But under state,
I don't see the output.
So you're getting all ah,
for all each and every file.
Complete part?
No.
I need to evaluate where the party is a file part or that every part,
you know,
you have again If I mean ah,
if was that part that is filed,
then I want to print that.
Otherwise I don't want to print.
I won't skip that.
If ways not part dot is files,
you're given part each.
See that each underscore file on the score,
buck then only want to print.
Otherwise I don't want to.
Prince.
Previously you got some very where?
X rays er than Narendra,
right?
Somewhere.
Now,
if I read on our core,
you're not going to get them because you filter only finds your printing see the output nor
very how x rated and not in the right.
Yes.
Now in your hand,
because off your logic,
you are able to identify only the files which are there in a given location.
No next thing when it was created.
So,
guys,
if I know the when it was created,
if I know that date then from presented eight core estate if I compare you are file
creation date.
If I do subtraction between these two days,
today's date on when your file was created,
I can get the difference.
Like four days on fire days on one month off,
better days.
I mean?
Ah,
some 100 is what ordered.
Maybe right.
So foster fall toe,
identify when it was created.
Right?
See,
let me show you one thing.
Just under and your terminal.
Import your ways and see the list off operation with ways that part because you're fighting
the part.
Always Whatever the required things you need on your part.
Always.
They were aware of a little bit ways Dark part somebody we hope.
Right?
See that somebody we held Get access time.
Get creation time on Get mortified time.
But what we need get access time we need,
right?
Let me do the one thing Let me take one of the file called this one Know what I'm doing is
let me bring Where's that pod door?
Get creation time,
then you're fighting him.
See the output while you're getting You're getting your time in terms off seconds.
No,
you need to convert that in terms,
off date or whatever you want so that you can come back with raised it.
I mean,
you can substrate from today's date so that you can get the difference.
See,
in order previous video just before this video.
Whatever you have the concept daytime model.
Here we discuss one thing.
One operation called Let me import Forster daytime.
If you remember from the time you should take their time operation,
then we hope from times time there is operation.
If you provide the seconds number of seconds with this,
it is ready to do that date for us.
Yes,
it's giving,
right.
That's why what I'm doing is that we weapon he was script now,
right under.
Then let me import first daytime module import,
daytime model.
Then I am printing your each file.
And also,
I want to print it the file when it was created.
Right?
So here,
as off No,
I have given a fixture part,
but it has to very for each and every file.
That's why this is a variable on your file.
Part is there with the variable called each file part?
No,
along with your file.
I'm also going toe print.
When it was clear Did right,
that might take a pot and see that I'm going to give a pop.
Maybe each file part.
Coleman.
It's my mistake.
See that way out taking this spot?
Yeah.
Up to this.
Only that file,
Potter,
How to provide,
right?
No.
See the result.
You're getting your part along with that You're getting a date.
When it was clear there,
I know what I wonder.
Louise injured off this.
How many days back it was created.
I want to get there.
Then what you are to do with the tourist date You just to subtract this date so that you
get the difference.
So no one I'm doing is I'm going to create a today's date.
Objects somewhere.
Let me create reference.
Date are two days equals two daytime door daytime dot No.
Right.
I know.
What I'm doing is are the end injured off this information?
I will store this.
Each filed a filed creation file creation date as a variable inside that I will store this
entire information draw friending directly here.
Anyone?
What will seem like?
You know what I'm doing is I'm going to need all those things,
your file,
and then just victory or to the date I'm subtracting from your to date.
Each file creation did file creation date,
right?
Fine.
No seed output First,
if anything goes wrong,
will verify that.
Yes,
your file.
And it was getting one day before with two hours fight is with four hours one day back with
two hours.
I mean,
one day tours back,
right?
But I don't bother about this.
Howard's I wanted only exactly this,
right?
No.
See,
what I'm going to do because this is object,
right?
You can also bring instead of complete thing,
you can print only days operation anywhere.
A difference off your two dates,
right?
What are the difference of days?
I need that.
No.
See that?
Let me do it.
You may get Don't.
How can you come to know?
Huh?
What are the operations are there with your days,
Abs?
It has no are people deaths.
What is the problem with that?
Let me check it.
File creation.
Yeah.
Sorry.
This entire thing is the object right today.
So on this entire thing,
we need to perform it.
Not right.
You may get Don't.
How can you get that?
Today's operatives there on that are not nothing,
is there?
Guys simply bring d a r off you were difference.
So whatever the operations are there on each and every object,
the only clue point these DEA let me run on board some part and see the results.
So for each and every difference there is operation called Dark Days that maximum value
didn't microseconds Minimum reserves in seconds total Second,
something like that.
So now I am taking days operation on your difference between two days difference.
Right?
So that fight Let me come in this line days No.
Let me run your court and see the output.
So what?
The date we need?
Sorry part.
You can provide any part but I'm taking this as an example Pot.
See there one day,
five day,
one day,
four days,
right?
No,
I don't want to print all the files.
The files which are having is more than three days.
Those files only I want to print.
No what I will do.
See that?
So let me store Instead of printing your information here,
I'm going to store this in do a variable difference in this he caused to That's it.
Now what I will do is insure printing your information and died within days and tax I
already created.
I already stole your information somewhere here tonight.
Know what I'm doing is before printing I'm checking if you were different days.
If it is greater than you were age we fixed somewhere.
Just Reno.
Always there looking at your value.
Treat those lines on lime in those files only.
I want to print it.
But observe this information.
What?
You're going to get it now?
See,
Now you're getting the files which are having is more than three days.
You're not getting like this while it is one day five Now we're not getting that.
So now you are able to collect You are all the files which are having is greater than some
exodus In our example case there is greater than three days.
Right?
This you have one more step just to remove this thing.
That operation is also there again with the world.
Where's moderately See if you want to work with any file.
Always tried to concentrate first on your waist model.
There is operation called Where is not removed territory.
Ways not remove part.
Something like that,
right?
Just to go with our are removed.
The name is there somewhere.
Remove it.
That's it.
We just removed you just operate that operation.
Each and every file which is having is greater than you were required days not We just
tried guys,
if you have any doubts,
just let me know so that I will do the next thing tax.
But you just try it so that it will be a practice for you.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.